style: apply /style-guide pass to models/artifacts (#2717)
wandb/docs: models/artifacts/update-an-artifact.mdx

---
description: Update an existing artifact while a run is active or using only the Public API.
title: Update an artifact
keywords: ["wandb.Api", "Public API", "artifact metadata", "artifact aliases", "artifact collection"]
---

> This page describes how to update the `description`, `metadata`, and `alias` of an existing artifact. Update an artifact when you want to refine its documentation, adjust its metadata, or manage its aliases without creating a new version. To update an artifact from a previously logged run, use the W&B Public API ([`wandb.Api`](/models/ref/python/public-api/api)). Use `wandb.Run.save()` to update an artifact when it's first initialized and still active.

Author: Fixed in ab697507c — the in-run path now uses the `wandb.Artifact` class and `Artifact.save()` rather than `wandb.Run.save()`. As you note, `Run.save()` saves files to a run and is not the mechanism for updating artifact metadata/aliases.

- Use `wandb.Run.log_artifact()` to create a new artifact and associate it with a specific run.
</Note>

Choose the approach that matches your workflow. Use the W&B Public API ([`wandb.Api`](/models/ref/python/public-api/api)) to update an artifact outside of a run, or use the [`wandb.Artifact`](/models/ref/python/experiments/artifact) class while a run is active.

<Warning>

> You can't update the alias of an artifact linked to a model in Model Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't update the alias of an artifact linked to a collection in the W&B Registry.
```

Author: Applied — "…linked to a collection in the W&B Registry."

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_
